---
title: Homework Policy
author: Mr. Li
date: '2019-10-21'
slug: hw-policy
categories: ["Announcements"]
tags: []
subtitle: ''
summary: 'General homework policy and temporary exceptions'
authors: []
lastmod: '2019-10-21T12:39:52-06:00'
featured: true
image:
  caption: ''
  focal_point: ''
  preview_only: no
projects: []
---

As mentioned in class earlier, late homework will be deducted 1 point for each late day. You will receive zeros for missing homework assignments. Please keep all your returned homework assignments for review and as proof of your scores in case I enter the incorrect homework scores in the grade book.

Absences: In the future, you must let me know ahead of time if you will be absent. In the case of excused absences, I will not deduct homework points as long as you submit the assignments upon the day of your return from your excused absence.

Given the extended absences last month, I have granted the following exceptions:

1. **Chapter 1 & 2 Homework:** You have until November 1, 2019, to turn in Ch. 1 and 2 homework for full credit. Otherwise, the percentage of your monthly test will be used to calculate your homework scores for Chapters 1 and 2.

2. **Chapter 4 Homework:** I did not grant exceptions for Ch. 4 homework, since most students returned prior to the Ch. 4 homework deadline. If you are missing any assignments, I will apply the general homework policy, but use Monday, October 21, as the deadline date. For example, you will be docked 1 point if you turn in missing Ch. 4 assignments on Tuesday, October 22.

3. **Chapter 5 Homework:** I will be collecting Ch. 5 homework on Tuesday, October 22. The homework policy will be in full effect starting from this chapter's homework.

4. **Free Response:** While FRAPPY questions in the textbook are counted toward your homework grade, free response questions printed on A4 paper are counted toward your free response grade. Late free response assignments will also be docked 1 point per late day. Given the extended absences last month, I will grant a temporary extension till November 1, 2019, to complete the following free response questions:

* 2000 (#3)
* 1997 (#2)
* 1998 (#3)
* 1999 (#3)
* 2000 (#5)
* 2001 (#4)

If you have not already received a score for the free response questions above, you must turn in these questions to me in person during evening tutoring (Thursdays, 8:10 - 9 p.m.) at M307, where I will have you make corrections using the scoring rubric.

All future free response questions must be turned in on time and properly corrected in order to receive full credit.
 